Implemented changes (#94)
comp129/comp55: docs/labs/4-ACM.md

You can use this in combination with a ```setLocation(x, y)```
that will change the object's location if you want the object to be placed in a particular area.

There are different types of Images that can be imported. Some include:

> 1. Portable Network Graphics (.png) - Compatible as a clear background.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Portable Network Graphics (.png) - Compatible with a transparent backgrounds.
```

> 2. Joint Photographic Experts Group (.jpg) - Usually the best quality image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Joint Photographic Experts Group (.jpg) - Common format used for smaller file sizes.
```

> 3. Graphics Interchange Format (.gif) - Insert a gif and the image will be animated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Graphics Interchange Format (.gif) - Useful if you want an animated image.
```

```java

> Image image = new GImage("media/photo.png", START_X, START_Y);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GImage image = new GImage("media/photo.png", START_X, START_Y);
```

image.setSize(400, 400);

> add(image);
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

You can use this in combination with a ```setLocation(x, y)```
that will change the object's location if you want the object to be placed in a particular area.

There are different types of Images that can be imported. Some include:

1. Portable Network Graphics (.png)
2. Joint Photographic Experts Group (.jpg)
3. Graphics Interchange Format (.gif)

What is the point of all these different file types?

1. PNG - is compatible as a clear background, so if you can blend with your design use a png.
2. JPG - is usually the best quality image, so use it if you do not need to blend images.

> 3. GIF - is nice to use as an easy animation. Insert a gif and the image will be animated.

Reviewer: Can we just combine these two parts, so that perhaps after the png we can just give a description?
So something like.

```
1. Portable Network Graphics (.png) - is compatible etc...
```
Once you do that re-request a review and then we'll done one more round
